# PodcastDAOPlatform
This is a rewrite of my JavaWebApp project in Node.js. This rewrite is happening because the Rippled API is not as supported for Java as I had hoped. I believe it will be quicker to do a rewrite in Node.js than trying to work a Java project into something that can easily and securely use the Rippled API which will power the DAO portion of the project. This will also allow for faster development of the DAO since the Node.js version of the API is a lot more powerful than using websockets.

## Philosophy
"The time will come when the art of governing [humans] will disappear. A new art will take its place, the art of administering things." --Saint Simon

This project is a response to the consolidation of media power and publishing and large scale industry's exploitation of user data. It can be plainly seen by the average consumer that large social media companies have abused their position in the market by selling user data and commodifying their user base. This platform believes that to be an immoral breach of trust. Additionally, between the 19th, 20th, and 21st centuries, various declines in published materials can be observed. Between the 19th and 20th centuries, the diversity of published ideas is clear as has been noted by writers such as the late Gore Vidal. Between all three centuries, there is an alarming decline in the news material available as media consolidation and privatization have occurred and yellow journalism and infotainment have evolved. For an obvious example, all one must do is ask themselves what happened to the many alternatives in political news publications that used to exist before the concentrated effort in the early 20th century to squash the US labor movements, communist movements, and anarchist movements. Such a greedy and vindictive approach to the media space is not only detrimental to the freedom of speech, but it squashes the march of human progress and for these reasons, it seems necessary to create a media platform that is both decentralized and collectively owned by its own ecosystem of users.

This project attempts to democratize the media landscape by creating an anarcho-syndicalist system of media ownership and distribution. This project draws heavy inspiration from the writings of Rudolf Rocker who defined anarchism as "a definite intellectual current in the life of our time, whose adherents advocate the abolition of economic monopolies and of all political and social coercive institutions within society" in his book "Anarcho-Syndicalism Theory and Practice." He claims that anarchists desire free association of all productive forces based upon cooperative labor. This project believes that this can be accomplished through a Decentralized Autonomous Organization (DAO) over the Internet utilizing modern technologies including a blockchain. Furthermore, Rocker advocates for the abolition of special interests of privileged minorities. In the media space, this can be interpreted to mean the shareholders of mega media corporations, their boards, and their highly compensated advocates and personalities. This project intends to democratize the consolidated capital that these legacy organizations wield and to distribute the capital fairly through automated business logic leveraging blockchain solutions. Rocker's anarchism desires a federation of free communities bound together by common economic and social interests. The Internet already provides for federated communities such as these, for example: Reddit and its sub-reddits. This project intends to implement these microcommunities if it does not become a microcommunity by itself.

In order to achieve a platform of applied Anarchist theory, there must first be a weighing of the various philosophies of the concept. William Godwin, considered one of the first proponents of Anarchism, realized that social evils occurred through the existence of the State by forcing people under its guardianship. In doing so, the natural inclinations of people were repressed and they were moulded in to "good subjects." It is not hard to see how political infotainment has accomplished something to this affect through the recent rise of populism resulting from the 20th century's foray into fascism. He believed that people can live freely only if proper economic conditions were given. Some of these conditions were that the individual must not be subject to exploitation by another, social ownership of all natural and social wealth, and that economic life carries on by the free cooperation of producers. This being a project of ideals, it is accepted that individuals must not be subject to the exploitation of others. The project hopes to accomplish this by implementing an automated economy that does not allow for economic misdeeds such as a rescinding of payment promised for labor or large pools of capital exploiting workers through an asymmetrical economic balance which can be confronted through the unionization of content creators. This project will sit on the sidelines of the debate on the moral implications of advertising and marketing as for the time being, it is the best way to monetize the Internet.

Pierre-Joseph Proudhon, a French politician and the founder of mutualist philosophy, believed that property was a privilege of exploitation but recognized that the ownership of the instruments of labor by all made effective through industrial groups bound to one another by free contract (so long as not done to exploit others and the full product was assured to all human beings) was an organization of reciprocity that guaranteed the enjoyment of equal rights by each in exchange for equal services. He believed that this would yield the average working time becoming the measure of value and that capital would be deprived its usurious power and be bound to the performance of work, ceasing to become an instrument of exploitation. To apply his ideas to the platform, the industrial groups of advertisers and content creators are brought together in an unconventional way where the traditional power brandished by the advertising industry is met with a union of content creators who can, together, negotiate better rates for advertising and are less vulnerable as a group to the tyranny of a more moneyed organization. This is achievable through a blockchain-based voting system for content creators and through distributing the ownership rights of the platform to those who provide the platform with content. The labor theory of value will be addressed later.

The Russian Anarchist thinker Mikhail Bakunin, the founder of collectivist anarchism, believed in the collective ownership of the means of production and the restricted private ownership of individual labor like Proudhon did, however Peter Kropotkin, a proponent of anarcho-communism believed in community ownership of the means of production and the products of labor. This project leans more on Kropotkin's collectivist beliefs because of the ideal that labor should ensure abundance for everyone. Furthermore, as other micropayment projects in the blockchain industry are learning, there is no good, easy way to value the labor of the content creator while consolidating it with the value of the enjoyment of the content consumer. This leads to messy situations in how content is payed for by consumers. For these reasons, the project leans towards the collective ownership of all content on the platform. Furthermore, through the collective ownership, progress can occur at a much faster pace in a similar fashion to Internet memes which are propagated without regard to intellectual property rights and through their disregard are able to reproduce and evolve themselves at a much higher velocity. Media should have this property on this platform in order to allow the platform to quickly grow and birth new ideas. People that may find this especially valuable could be musicians looking to sample music.

Obviously, economic equality alone is not social liberation. Examine prisons where prisoners are on an economically level playing field, or the Inca in Peru, or the Jesuits in Paraguay; social justice can only prevail out of a person's sense of personal freedom, otherwise despotism will continue to prevail. This project hopes to bring personal freedom back to the media landscape in a way that a corporation or business can not as, according to W.E.B. DuBois, they were created by the lawyers of the 19th century and came alive in the 20th century as a way to consolidate profits for a small group of people. This is now plainly visible in the 21st century as corporations invert totalitarianism and homogenize the media landscape. This project intends to return that consolidated wealth and power back to the people through syndicalism.

For the problems of media, an anarchist-inspired DAO is not a patent solution. Anarchism rejects all absolute schema and concepts. Obviously, this can not reconcile itself with the absoluteness of code and software architecture. Anarchism does, however, recognize the relative significance of ideas, institutions, and social forms which is of crucial significance to a DAO. For this reason, anarchist theory is applied to the DAO. Albeit the DAO will be a semi-fixed, self-enclosed social system, through the use of anarchist and syndicalist architectures, it will hopefully ultimately move towards the free unfolding of individual and social forces by leveling the media playing field for content creators. The project believes this is possible as evidenced through worker collectives, most notable Mondragon of Spain which was able to reach substantial scale as a worker collective. The project has high hopes that an architecture such as this can be profitable for all stakeholders as Valve, an American video game corporation employing Anarcho-Syndicalist strategies, was able to become the most profitable company per employee.

## Usage



## Developing



### Tools

Created with [Nodeclipse](https://github.com/Nodeclipse/nodeclipse-1)
 ([Eclipse Marketplace](http://marketplace.eclipse.org/content/nodeclipse), [site](http://www.nodeclipse.org))   

Nodeclipse is free open-source project that grows with your contributions.

